v0.2.1 release (#12)
nerves-project/build-tools: CHANGELOG.md

# nerves-project/build-tools

## v0.2.1

* Bug fixes
  * [get-br-dependencies] Change default download site URL to be HTTP
    to fix certificate errors when downloading

>   * [get-br-dependencies] Only use download site explicitly when job is
>     set to push downloads to cache. This makes the default behavior download
>     from Buildroot source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [get-br-dependencies] Only override the download site when the job is
    set to update the download site. If not updating the download site, use 
    the nerves_defconfig settings.
```

Reviewer: The sentence feels awkward, but I think that it conveys the behavior. I didn't want someone to think that "Buildroot source" reference the buildroot backup download website.
